# Coordinate scan 

## Overview 

Over the past decade, organic semiconductors based on a system of polyaromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs, have gained popularity due to their lightweight and flexible form factor, low cost of production, and fast, efficient manufacturing process. Different types of PAHs are now applied widely to make a new class of electronic devices that previously utilized inorganic semiconducting materials such as solar cells and LED displays. These electronic devices have brought many new interesting features to their traditional counterparts, making them lucrative to the manufacturers. Organic photovoltaics, or OPVs, are cheaper, more flexible, and more aesthetic than solar cells that used inorganic materials like silicon. Furthermore, because organic semiconductors can be dissolved with the right solvent, the manufacturing process of this material can be as simple as inkjet printing them on a substrate such as glass and plastic. Therefore, these materials can be used to efficiently manufacture organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays that are high in resolution, deep in contrast, and even foldable. 

Even though the benefit of organic semiconductors seems quite obvious and the market demand for these materials continues to skyrocket, there is still an ongoing effort to gain a deeper understanding of their solid-state order as well as their electronic properties. Because organic semiconductors like fullerene, pentacene, and perylene depend greatly on the non-covalent interaction between the molecules, their solid-state possesses many different patterns and is somewhat unpredictable. This research addresses this problem by simply adding side-chains to the original molecules to disrupt some of the non-covalent interactions and improve the solid-state order. With countless side-chain options, synthesizing and experimenting on the derivatives can be both time-consuming and very expensive. Therefore, running a computer simulation to find the most potential candidates to synthesize is essential to make this project feasible. 

The content presented on this Github directory is my continuing project aimed to develop a program to perform quantum mechanical calculations on organic semiconductors to search for the most potential molecules with the high solid-state order and good electronic properties (e.g. HOMO-LUMO energy gap, electron coupling value, and electron mobility). 
